feat: init context (#73)
Unleash/unleash-proxy-client-swift: README.md

- `clientKey`: either an [client-side API token](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys#front-end-tokens) if you use the front-end API ([how](https://docs.getunleash.io/how-to/how-to-create-api-tokens 'how do I create API tokens?')) or a [proxy client key](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys#proxy-client-keys) if you use the proxy [String]
- `refreshInterval`: the polling interval in seconds [Int]. Set to `0`to only poll once and disable a periodic polling
- `appName`: the application name identifier [String]

> - `context`: the context paramters except from `appName` and `environment` which should be specified explicitly in the init [String: String]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `context`: the context parameters except from `appName` and `environment` which should be specified explicitly in the initializer
```

> - `context`: the context paramters except from `appName` and `environment` which should be specified explicitly in the init [[String: String]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `context`: the context parameters except from `appName` and `environment` which should be specified explicitly in the init [[String: String]]
```
